---
layout: splash
title: "360 Intel Project"
date: 2020-04-22
tags:
  - NLP
  - Data Cleaning
  - Sentiment Analysis
  - Python
---
<h2><center>Description of the Project</center></h2>
<p>
  360 Intel is a customer experience evaluating service. They help their clients improve business performance and customer experience through their mystery shopper program, which consists of more than 800,000 shoppers nationwide. The clients of 360 Intel come from a variety of industries, such as fine dining, casual dining, quick serve, entertainment, and retail. Currently 360 Intel does not have a scientific method for their analysis process. This means that they are unable to efficiently clean and organize the large amounts of data from the shopper surveys. They also do not currently have a way to analyze the written survey responses.  
</p>
<p>
  This project created a method to analyze the textual survey responses, as well as creating an interactive dashboard for easier analysis comparisons. By extracting insights through sentiment analysis, the written responses were able to be efficiently analyzed. These insights were then able to be put into an interactive visualization dashboard to be able to compare among clients or across industries. 
</p>
<p>
  Through sentiment analysis, positive and negative words were able to be extracted from written survey responses. Each survey question was split into one of five domains: service (S), quality (Q), cleanliness (C), timing (T), and general (G). By breaking down surveys into one of five domains, areas of improvement were able to be targeted to provide tangible evidence (through the sentiment analysis scores) that a client needs to improve in that domain. 
</p>
<p>
  The analysis process was broken down into 5 major steps. The first step was to reduce the large survey size by keeping the meaningful data only. Next, each question was put into one of the five domains and the comment (written/textual responses) were specified with “_com.” The data was then cleaned by removing stop words, punctuation and through tokenization. To examine areas of strength or weakness for a client, polarity scores through TextBlob were used to determine thresholds of positive, negative, or neutral words. After the polarity scores of words and reviews as a whole were determined, the visualizations and interactive dashboard were able to be created. 
</p>

<h2><center>PowerPoint Presentation</center><h2>
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTfshUIMMyPFc-2H-6JXd-yB9oW7Gzt1GjZQ13oNXld2OCznFkS7oTvWMdK-q3Q0g/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000" frameborder="0" width="1280" height="749" allowfullscreen="true" mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true"></iframe>
  
<h2><center>Dashboard Demonstration</center></h2>
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oFBNbk2LXbs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<h2><center>Python Code for the Project</center></h2>
<h4><center><i>Output has been removed for confidentiality</i></center></h4>
<br>

